they'd like type for you and extended
body mayfly spinner the body I'm using
is their Creek extended mayfly bodies
and these are iron blue done I take them
and I just use a tan marker on it and
here I have a rusty spinner the hook I
have a device is a standard dry fly hook
this is a size 16 look I have an advice
is a standard dry fly hook this is a
size 16 and the thread I'm going to use
is Vives 14 I this is a pale yellow I'm
gonna put a base of thread down to just
about halfway on the hook we're gonna
start with the body and we're gonna make
this about one and a quarter the length
of the hook shank this will make it a
little bigger than a size 14 spinner
tie that in there nice nice and tight
going to remove the excess from that
just a bit at an angle and secure that
tip I'm gonna take a cream polly yarn
I'm going to tie that in at about the
1/4 point wrap that around the thread
and bring it up and then you can make
some figure eights on it
got some loose ones coming apart this
poly yarn I took one quarter of the
strand of poly yarn keep that wing back
tight against the butt of the body or
you tight it down bring my thread back
to the back of the wing I'm going to
take a honey badger hackle I have the
crew cut tight cut in there I'm going to
say that in move that thread in front of
the wing and secure that hackle
be careful not to wrap the wings back
Duane that hackle put a couple of wraps
in back
bring that heckle to the front give it
maybe two wraps in front you can see
this hackle is much larger than they
size 16 hook but we're tying a size 12
to 14 like honest a 16 hook going to
remove that hackle and I'm gonna clean
up the head pull all those hackles back
there
so I off that head give it a whip finish
this will make a good spinner with this
honey badger this will make good spinner
for the sulfur you gotta pull those
wings out to the side I'm going to trim
the hackle off the bottom and the top
it will spread out there
I'm gonna cut these cut the wings the
size then you want to cut them just
about the length of the body
take that wing and spread it out there
and here we have an extended body sulfur
spinner hope that you learned something
from this video that you would subscribe
to my channel please refer me to your
friends leave comments questions
suggestions and most of all it thank you
very much for watching my videos